tonight was absolutely amazing got to
literally be embraced by the President
of Haiti which I did not expect Wyclef
Jean what are the secrets to getting
great in order to be successful in
anything it has to be what you truly
love absolutely love Times
Square there is something so incredible
about Times Square to me I don't know
the lights the imagery the energy there
really is something phenomenal that's
one of the things that I find so amazing
about music is its ability to really
capture your imagination to capture your
attention to clearly embrace you and
that's really what Times Square
industria it is such a sensory overload
that it just takes over
a boutique music house so we did film
scores we had TV commercials we did I
was an artist sign of different records
the executive produced records we're
just like you know at the time something
an anomaly
spoke what it took to acquire our skill
sets is really about the ten thousand
now I think it's very good 20 pretty
sure I think ten thousand is just like
the where maybe you can get up on stage
and be like okay right here's the
problem though the reason I think that
10,000 hours becomes that thing that
everyone talks about is you're still
young enough naive enough new enough
that you're fresh yeah but as you get to
thirty thousand hours you've got this
attitude of I know what I'm doing and it
starts to calcify into Dogma like that's
the thing that really scares me
like because I had to work so hard to
figure out in order to build
businesses that you like grab on this
worked right and so because it worked
you're gonna do it the nice thing about
being in marketing and you're obviously
a master of this it changes so fast that
it for even a second you think I've got
it you're done yeah so as a marketer in
today's world where you have to be
you're 10,000 hours need to be applied
to adaptation like you adaptation is
your game it is the thing that you bring
to the table I think the same is true
for music
[Music]
guys ready for some wine clap music I
doubt my family I was me though
I believe you had the president out
there that was insane so this
concert was absolutely incredible and in
the end when he had the President of
Haiti that's really the President of
Haiti on the stage singing with
Wyclef it was incredible because they
had actually run against each other
there was political beef between the two
of them but that's the power of music
man that got up and sang a song together
and the crowd was going insane so to see
the two of them come together over music
is incredible and I've never had this
easy of a time getting a cab in white
cliff invited me to come out here I just
had to see what would happen so my
friends always always say yes and with
that I bid you adieu I'm going to bed
peace out guys take care until next time
be legendary my friends
[Music]